In times like these it's important
to remember the good things.
Sure, the economy may be a little rough,
And we may be shuttering schools,
hospitals and libraries to pay union pensions.
But San Andreas is still the
place where dreams are made.
This is where counter culture began
and then morphed in to a nanny state.
A place that preaches environmental stewardship
but has terrible public transit system
and the worst air in the world.
Experience more of San Andreas,
the suburban sprawl,
no sense of community,
and no building more than thirty years old.
Where fluffy children's theme park animals
are both our heritage and our culture.
San Andreas leads the country in removing
pristine first grown forest
to build generic strip malls
and tracked mansions.
San Andreas,
we won't be broken hypocrites forever.
Brought to you by the San Andreas tourism board.